okay and welcome back this is part two
of The Lion King playthrough and right
now we are doing the Stampede all right
there we go watch out for crazy animals
oddly enough it's quite a nice day to
almost get killed by a bunch of
wildebeest
haha time this thing and then it gets
really messed up
oddly enough there at the end of this
when everything starts getting crazy the
best place to stay is to the left here
cuz all those rocks you see on the left
don't do jack get him
oh it's ending chiasm okay now for this
part you basically just run because
they're gonna this is the dangerous part
here folder
jump jump not that way okay the de
Tarzan thing again beep of faith yeah I
made it okay and that's how you do that
whole level I'm kind of surprised I did
it all in one shot you already got your
dad you're next